I guess I'm going to take a look at some
pretty new from came ops everybody is
used to you know the four column this
way and recently he made it when you
rotate it you've got seven which is
awesome for installing a landscape but
some people like me actually wanted five
but apparently other people wanted to be
able to go back and forth to four so
that everybody one and five well and
spare parts you can now go in and
collect launcher columns if it's
unselected it's for you can see right
there there be four columns / l and then
click that hit home now I do have to
kill the launcher so I use astro right
now this is what have installed so I'm
going to process manager scroll down
find my launcher kill it instead of kind
of a reset itself and now remembers that
I want five wide which is awesome I
personally like this to most it's really
smooth it's really fast and allows you
to scroll through my apps a lot quicker
I know this looks like a lot of
applications to look at it once but to
me just makes my life easier now when
like this it's still give me seven wide
now if you don't want the seven why the
only thing you can do is disable
launcher rotation which when you're in
the launcher what you wrote in it so
there's actually no way to go back to
the original width like six or anything
like that but seven looks more like that
so I personally like five columns but
again if i want to go from five to four
i'm going to unselect this hit home open
up Esther you can use any task killer
you can even do this from the terminal
but it's easier to do it this way from
me process manager scroll down launcher
kill
and there we go back to what I consider
to be the boring old for but apparently
people still like this for some reason
and it works completely flawlessly he
did a great job with this and working
really really hard on it so you guys
like this don't forget he has a donation
link put that to you know to the right
side over there if you guys wanted any
to him he's been working really hard on
this so I'm sure every little bit would
count I've been actually up with him
almost every night watching them then
ever backwards trying to get this ready
for divided because i personally like
five wide he likes 51 a lot it was like
five why but a lot of people wanted to
be able to go back to four so instead of
the saying no deal with it he actually
went and fixed it so this wasn't easy at
all to do and he made it work so
hopefully you see this in upcoming romps
and used in other ways but that is k
mobs launcher to mod and it will be
available soon so take a look and go
ahead and read description or actually
shoot the description is going to be
down here now because youtube went all
crazy on April Fool's Day but left it
down there on purpose apparently they
think it looks cool I don't like it at
all but the description is down here so
I'll go ahead and put a link to is
donate link down there as well as some
more information so there you go